ready to test-fire initialise
Oh
again using double power this time open
her up and go through the sequence again
from A to Z we've got to get it working
we did it we did it the ship is intact
minimum damage you see what you can do
with a little faith now air Landis you
are mine
it appears somebody that will open a fly
I will kill you for that dragonfly no
threat is screams
hey shut God you like games try this tag
you're it for me you shouldn't have
there's no reason to follow
he won't come out alive not from the
corridor blood
when it's just about feeding time it's
no good I've lost all communication got
to find a way to bring the war nado down
on my own
some kind of mutant Graham wings better
let him know who's boss
carnivores flesh eaters too fast
one way out dragonfly turbo speed
this is dragon a turn one we have visual
contact with Warren a doe prepare to
engage you read these are can't loud and
clear dragon eight or 10 rock needs at
least half an hour to get the cannon up
and running we have to buy him some time
so belly up to the bar boys I'm fire
what too long we have coveted the
floating city of elemis now we will cast
the humans and their city to the warp
windows we will purge them from the
skies I proclaim today the day of Trevor
in honor of a final victory
now I know how David felt when he met
Goliath we're going to need more than a
slingshot to bring that down we've got
more but we won't have it for another
half an hour and that's all the time
we've got to get summat out what if we
can't get some it out not an option
the dragonflies are in formation lock on
with all exterior heat plasma guns
welcome your destruction dragonflies
ready to fire dragon ater one this is
back in 805 can't secure entry under
heavy fire impossible to attempt rescue
you are hurt you must return to air like
this sounds like big brother the troops
are on their way we'll never make it in
time it's up to me there's got to be a
way mad MA that's where the power is
coming dread is pumping molten lava to
power the ship's engines the Magma's
flowing down
I just have to follow it and go with the
flow
pornos up Nora
the fights over for you Nora return to
Sky Watch
dragonflies maximize
gotta be a way in
bingo
here I come summit I got two words for
you my friend dental hygiene
you mad
I must be getting close to the source
it's getting hard
this is it this has to be the engine
room
careful careful be very careful we can't
let the magma flow too fast the
converter will explode
don't get too high and mighty yet dread
you want air landis you gotta get past
me
fall from grace dragonfly but don't
worry Xena and landis will be right
behind
parrot comes get the wolf cannon into
position
zenith this is Aurra Warren 80 is in
range what about summit do I